TODO

demi lion not top half

Fix positions for in bend sinister, need to mirror bend positions in placement.inc

"an orle of" does not need tincture....

Indirection for modifier data? (mods repeat for each synonym) No they don't! But maybe combine things like couped...?

Move all specific knowledge into "flags" (like $put_in_chief), do NOT rely on the NAME of the charge or ordinary

Re-implement "facing" mod

Properly document ordinary and charge

cross-pierced cotticing

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0ApU4vAAfwWNQdGRjSFBWSXRlaWx1X29GMWdra0x4N0E&hl=en_GB

Allow ordinary['fim_path'] to be a path spec & use if present instead of body

split global.inc between parser and svg

Compony and counter compony for plain cross

per saltire with a chief should be non-45 degrees to look better?

doevtailed - make separate start and end paths to return to center? Complicated, but might make quarterly etc. look better (+issue 144)

voided and fimbriated not working?

fluery on each point (adds -floretty to dancetty line type)

rewrite calcPlace to use modifiers directly from node, not passed to it.

void version of fylfot and cross formy

DONE

Do not repeat error messages (e.g. once per charge)

charge WITHIN ordinary (is same as WITHIN ordinary charge)

Bug fix, treatments were reversed if colour treatment colour

fix for ordinary reversed => ordinary inverted

Gules a Chevron Argent between in chief two Lozenges and in base a
Lion passant guardant Or. - Now parses correctly.

Better filling by division

The vairy treatment was very large, it has been reduced

Items placed "on" an ordinary sinister are now the right way around

Fixed rotation / scaling / position of charges bendwise and bendwise sinister

chevron and bend Quarterly now drawn correctly

Compony and counter compony for chevron and saltire

Made sure chevron and per-chevron with linetypes are all symmetrical

DONE (2.3j)

issue 143, 206

like as a keyword before charge

bug where a number follows the charge

Rewrote all quadrate crosses


